# results

This directory contains selected output of the nf_CRACpipeline running on the Pbp2 dataset (except MEME). Files exceeding the file size limit of GitHub (100Mb) such as trimmed fastq and aligned sam file are not included in this directory.  

## aligned_bamqc

File containing the BamQC analysis result that shows the quality of read alignments.

## bedgraph_files

bedgraph files (separated for minus and plus strand reads) showing counts of (deduplicated) aligned reads on the whole genome. Generated from the gtf files that were produced by pyReadcounter.py 

## bedgraph_genomecov

bedgraph files (separated for minus and plus strand reads) showing counts of aligned reads on the whole genome. Generated from the sorted indexed bam files using bedtools genomecov

## demultiplexed_fastqc

FastQC analysis result on the demultiplexed and deduplicated reads.

## MEME 

Files generated by the MEME software that performed motif analysis using the output files from the nf_CRACpipeline. Motif analysis is not part of the pipeline, so MEME software must be run after nf_CRACpipeline

## multicov_analyses

Tab-separated gff-like text file containing the number of reads overlapped with annotated transcripts. Generated by multiBamCov.

## pyCalculateFDRs_analyses

Tab-separated gtf-like text files showing the location, heights, and false discovery rate (FDR) of each peaks on protein-coding genes. Generated by pyCalculateFDR.py.

## pyPileup_analyses

Tab-separated text files showing the read counts, deletion and substitution data for each base of the selected Khd1 target transcripts.
